hey this silcoon 95 welcome to your
weekly cube world news two new changes
for the bow this week a special attack
which is called charged arrow and the
roll plus special attack it's what we
call an airstrike and a two new change
for the dual wield is a special attack
which is called swirl again roll plus
special is another special called charge
and dual / now there are three new
changes to the shield which are chances
to block when the shoes in front the new
special attack shield slam and another
special plus Rho equals a charge and
she'll slide now the two new changes for
the two-handed weapons are special
attacks smash and roll plus special
equals a somersault smash and now the
somewhat near news of this week is that
there were added kingdoms with walls and
guards so you can see in the background
you will see a few walls and maybe even
some guards I can't really tell what is
the guard and what is a monster but you
can just choose that for yourself also
we have a new improved camera and
targeting system which we all enjoy once
the game is done also there's a new
update on drops enemies will now drop
copper silver and gold coins also to new
two-handed weapons great swords and
great maces even though that they breed
maces look more like grey hammers they
are great maces or there's something
wrong with a picture it's not correct it
could all be possible as I'm selecting
them with my own knowledge also a new
thing that is called a ring item menu
for quick access of consumable items a
new thing that has been added to
dungeons are rune stones once you have
completed the dungeon you can teleport
back do those rune stones now this is it
for the wii
clicky world news don't forget to
subscribe and the question of the week
is what do you like to see added in this
game